# VGA Prompt
I want you to make me a System Verilog system for the pico2-ice which uses the ICE40UP5k.  This system will be build around make and the OSS CAD Suite.  I want to use the very best and latest System Verilog coding practices.  

I want you to use a module that will create the signals to drive the screen using four bits for each RGB color, and the sync signals to drive the monitor at 640x480 using a 25.175 MHz clock.  You can look at this [web page](http://javiervalcarce.eu/html/vga-signal-format-timming-specs-en.html) to understand the sync signals.  The Digilent VGA PMOD I am using is described on this [web page](https://digilent.com/reference/pmod/pmodvga/reference-manual).  The details of flashing the pico2-ice are at this [web site](https://pico2-ice.tinyvision.ai/md_mpy.html) and in the flash_bin.py file.  The four bits of color will be converted in my hardware to analog signals using an R-2R DAC from Digilent.  I will later provide the pinout.  I want to start with just a RED color displayed over the whole screen.  I want test benches for all System Verilog files.

I hove included a sample Makefile with flash_bin.py showing how to load the FPGA flash using the pico2-ice.  The clock frequency from the RP2350B into the FPGA is to be set to 25.175 MHz.

Okay, now for the second stage of the development.  I believe you have successfully created the red screen.  I wish to make this into a pong demo where there is a rectangular paddle and a square "ball".  I want to use sprites for those.  We will start with the velocity of the ball being 100 pixels/second in the horizontal direction, and 50 pixels/second in the y direction.  The paddle should automatically track the vertical position of the ball, and be positioned on the left edge of the screen.  When the ball "hits" a wall or the paddle it bounces in an elastic collision at the angle you would expect.  The color of the ball should be white, and the paddle should be yellow.  Start the vertical position of the ball at 240.